# Bingopoly
Bingopoly is a Quorum game that can be played with up to four players.  
Each player has a card.  
The card is structured as a BINGO card - a 5x5 grid of numbers (which are initially hidden.) There are 5 columns with the letters B-I-N-G-O spelled across the top of the columns.
Below each letter, each column has 5 squares. 
Each square holds a number as follows: The squares in the B column can hold numbers 1 through 15. The squares in the I column can hold numbers 16 through 30. The squares in the N column can hold numbers 31 through 45. The squares in the G column can hold numbers 46 through 60. The squares in the O column can hold numbers 61 through 75. The number is randomly selected for each square, and there is no particular order for the numbers in a column. Initially, no number may appear more than once on a card.  Initially, all squares appear as blank. That is, the numbers assigned to all squares are hidden.  The game proceeds with each player taking a turn.  At the start of each turn, a previously unannounced number is announced by the game from all the possible numbers which may appear on a card (e.g., B10, N42, G55). If a player's card shows that number, it is marked on the player's card.  The player who's turn it is, then has the opportunity to make a "bet" which includes the mention of one of the possible numbers which may appear on a card addressed to another player in the game. That is, the player addresses another player, "I bet I don't have O68 on my card."  If the player does not have that number on their card, then everything stays the same.  If the player does have that number on their card, then the square that contains that number on their card is swapped with the corresponding square on the card of the player who was addressed. That is, the number of the square on the players card becomes the number of the corresponding square on the card of the player who was addressed, and the number of the corresponding square on the card of the player who was addressed becomes the number of the square on the players card.  The numbers in the swapped squares on both players' cards are then shown. The shown number which was called is then marked.  The winner of the game is the first player to have five marked squares in a row, column or diagnol.
